Assignment 1--due Friday September 1, 11:59pm This is a lot about writing classes with private fields, constructors, getter and setter methods, plus a couple of other methods and representation of objects when the program is running.   All the classes are the package assignment01. All four classes Class, Person, Student, and Driver are public classes, each one in its own file (Class.java, Person.java, Student.java, and Driver.java)    The assignment is due Friday September 1, 11:59pm   Create a public class Class, which represents something like CS140, Programming with Objects.   All the fields are private: two of type String called name and number; two of type int called crn and numCredits; one double called qualPoints. Our example of number is "CS140", name is "Programming with Objects", numCredits is 4 and crn is 10390.   Provide a constructor that has 4 parameters to set the values of all the fields except qualPoints:   public Class(String aName, String aNumber, int aNumCredits, int aCrn){ //TO DO }     For example, in the TO DO, you have the instruction: name = aName;   In this class, add a public class-constant of type Class to represent a dummy Class:   public static final Class DUMMY_CLASS   and in the same declaration, instantiate DUMMY_CLASS as a new Class using arguments "Dummy", "000", 0 and 0.   Write public getter methods for all the fields, for example   publicString getName(){     return name; }   Write a setter method for qualPoints:   public void setQualPoints(double qPoints){      qualPoints = qPoints; }   Next create a shorter class called Person. There are three private fields: two Strings lastName and firstName and a char called middleInitial.   Provide a constructor with three parameters to set all three fields and provide getter methods for each of the three fields.   Now create a class Student. The private fields are self of type Person and four Class fields class1, class2, class3, class4, all initialized to equal Class.DUMMY_CLASS.   Include four setter methods that are actually delegate methods(we will explain this in class in the future), the first is   public void setQualPoints1(double qPoints){   class1.setQualPoints(qPoints); }   then add 3 more: setQualPoints2 for class2, setQualPoints3 for class3, and setQualPoints4 for class4. Provide a method public String getName() that returns the concatenation of the firstName, middleInitial and lastName of self. For example, "John", 'E', "Jones" should be joined using + and space " ", or period-space ". " to get "John E. Jones".   Provide a constructor that just has one Person parameter to set the value of self.   Provide getter and setter methods for the four class1 through class4 fields.   Provide a method public double computeSemesterGPA(), which declares a local double variable gpa initially 0.0, and computes the sum totalPoints of the qualPoints of the 4 variables of type Class and the sum totalCredits of the credits of the 4 variables of type Class. If totalCredits > 0, then set gpa to totalPoints / totalCredits and return gpa.   Write a class Driver with the main method for the assignment. In the main method, create 3 Person objects and use them to create 3 Student objects, each with one of the three different Person objects as self. In one Student, leave the fields of type Class fields unchanged. In the second make three objects of type Class and set three of the fields of type Class of the Student to those new ones. For the third Student, create 4 objects of type Class and set the four fields of type Class in the third student to those four Class objects. Go through all the 7 Class objects and set the qualPoints for each. The quality points for a course is computed as follows: first A = 4.0, A- = 3.7, B+ = 3.3, B = 3.0, B- = 2.7, C+ = 2.3, C = 2, C- = 1.7, D = 1, F = 0, (this program does not handle P grades since we need to separately store "gpa credits") and then the quality points is numCredits times the numeric value of the letter grade. For example, if you got B- in a 3 credit course, the qualPoints for that course would be 8.1.   Print the gpa for each of the students and print the expected value on a separate line. You can use println or printf but for printf, the gpa needs 3 decimal places.   Figure 1, linked below shows the memory diagram a student with all filed of type Class equal to a single dummy courses shared by all four class fields. For the the third Student that has 4 real courses complete Figure 2 with the values that you chose in your Driver program. Either do it by hand or use the Microsoft Vizio file.   Figure 1: Memory Diagram of the as a PDF: http://www.cs.binghamton.edu/~lander/cs140/201620/Visio-Assignment01.pdf FIGURE 2: Memory Diagram with blank entries as a PDF for the 4 different fields of type Class http://www.cs.binghamton.edu/~lander/cs140/201620/Visio-Assignment01Solution.pdf Viso 2016 source file (with blank entries):http://www.cs.binghamton.edu/~lander/cs140/201620/Assignment01Solution.vsdx
